This programme contains
strong language.
Terri, is...? Oh, hello, Robyn.
Where's Terri? Is she not...?
Oh! Morning, Mr Lover-Lover-Man.
Does... Does nobody else
ever shag anybody else
in Westminster? Is that...
Hey! Horatio!
How's it hanging?
It's hanging just fine, thanks.
Sleeping with the opposition,
I hear. Not all of them.
What do they do? Do they keep
a tight hold on the fiscal...?
Scrotum? What? What?
Shagging the opposition! Never
would have happened in my day.
She's not my opposite number, cos
Levitt has gone to shadow defence,
so she's doing shadow defence,
so she's no longer social affairs...
Did you manage to do some good
and steal a few policy papers?
It's hard to know why you're so
unsuccessful with the opposite sex.
I tell you what...
Where the fuck's Terri! Oh, Terri?
Did you not know? Malcolm's...
Malcolm's what? Binned her.
She's gone. You're jo... Morning.
Morning, stud.
Enjoy your walk on the wild side?
How was your dip in the wild blue?
How do you know? You're the most
uninformed... Everyone knows, Ollie.
My milkman knows. Hugh, I have
some wonderful news for you.
Terri's gone. What?
Terri. Terri's gone.
What do you mean, "gone"?
Yeah. A resignation bluff
that went awry.
No? Yeah. Yes!
Oh, result!
Woo-woo! All right! Come on!
High five. Good morning, Secretary
of State, just to let you know...
Terri's father's had a stroke. What?
It's pretty serious, so she's going
to be gone quite a while.
Oh, dear. That's awful.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry. I was just shitting you.
It was just an early-morning joke.
I was that close to buying
the champagne and Ritz crackers.
Sorry, it was just a stupid...
He made a joke.
Should I send her a card?
Yeah, of course. That would
be completely appropriate.
Do you want to give me £8?
Yeah, erm... I was kidding!
It was a joke.
It was a joke... OK.
OK.
It's Robyn. Robyn Murdoch, isn't it?
That's Robyn Murdoch? Yeah, yeah.
I always thought Robyn Murdoch
was a bloke. No, no.
I thought THAT...
was Robyn Murdoch's secretary.
I always thought that was someone
whose name I didn't know.
No, that's Robyn.
Oh. Turns out I didn't
know her name after all,
but I had it attached
to someone unknown's face.
She'll be much easier to cut out
of the loop with the factory visit.
Can we send out a revised biography
and not that photograph
of me with the fucking moustache?
I look like a disgraced geography
teacher. I can't help you with that.
Why not? I've been seconded.
I'm off for the week.
We beg to fucking differ. Where do
you think you're going? Number 10.
I've been talent-spotted.
He said I was over there for the week
if it's OK with you,
which he said it would be.
Oh, well, obviously it is then.
Oh. They'll only want him
to make cappuccinos.
Well, he does it very well.
I think it's the way you waggle
your finger in the milk.
Yeah, you think it's my finger,
bitch.
Where's Neil?
Leicester, poor fucker.
You'd think when you achieve
a certain status,
you'd be excused visiting Leicester.
Have you seen the whip's numbers?
NOMFuP. Eh? NOMFuP.
N-O-M-F-P. Not my fucking problem.
I like that. Do you?
I think I'll use that quite a lot
today. I'll use it as well.
Ho! Well done with fatty's profile.
I nearly liked
the enormous fucker reading it.
Any time.
What if the MoD breaks tonight?
What I'm hearing is the overspend's
getting more brutal by the hour.
They're talking about topping off
at 1, 1½ billion.
Obviously, that's a lot of nurses.
Or one fantastically enormous
robotic one, yeah? Obviously.
And how's the minister?
He's shitting himself.
He's practically
kissing his driver goodbye.
He said he felt like he was
in the Twin Towers on 9/11, you know,
"Just fucking waiting."
For fuck's sake. But everybody
knows the lines, yeah?
IT projects always overspend.
Oh, yeah.
Could you manage to get me a decent
cup of tea? Would that be possible?
Thank you. Try not to drip in it.
I tell you the thing
that's worrying me. Is this dodgy?
I don't know. The kid's firm
was the second lowest bid.
He says they never talked.
What does it matter?
No, but you know me.
I'm a man of principle.
I like to know if I'm lying
to save a tosser or a moron.
Probably a moron.
Is this yours? Is this new?
Yeah, I thought I'd get it for
Number 10. Has it got a camera on it?
Yeah, it's on the back.
Happy slap him. Go on.
How do you know about happy slapping?
How do YOU begin to know about...?
Get off! I missed it.
Do it again. That's assault.
Get off!
No, listen. It's all right because
we can doctor the crime figures.
I really like this.
I'll punch you in your substantial
gut! Fucking hell, Robyn!
You little fucker. I got it, look.
THEY LAUGH
It's very good. We should take
one of us so he's got something
to remember us by...
SHUTTER CLICKS
..because at the end of the week,
you'll be head of the policy unit.
Giving head to the policy unit.
Hugh, can we do the prep
for the factory visit now?
We're gonna get there
at about 12, 12.30, OK?
I forgot the...
Stupid boy. That WAS funny.
That was funny? Yeah.
I don't think it was funny.
I'm an elected representative
of the people. It was funny.
SAM! >
Sam, a coffee and a fucking skinny
muffin if that's possible.
hat the fuck are YOU doing HERE?
I thought you said today, Malcolm.
Did you not say... I mean what are
you doing there? Come on. Sorry.
I didn't want to interrupt you.
If the PM's giving me a blowjob,
I always put a sign up.
Right. You're the kind of guy
we need in here, you really are.
Terrific. You are
the proverbial bright spark, eh?
Thanks, Malcolm. Horace! Right. OK.
Horace? What's all that stuff
you've got there?
This is all my social policy pitches
and some funding structures
I worked on for my PhD...
Is that right that you shagged
that shadow defence bird?
Not exactly. It's complicated.
Hey, Jamie. This is Ollie.
What, THE Ollie?
The "Stuck one
up the opposition" Ollie?
Good fucking man!
Good to meet you.
This is Jamie. He'll be looking
after you. Oh, great.
Another Scot, I see. Does everyone
have to be in the "Caledonian Mafia"
to... Hey, everybody! This is Ollie.
He's the guy that fucked
the opposition for us.
That was...quite an introduction.
Would you just nod
when the big fucker talks,
but DO whatever I say, OK?
Actually, it's the other way around.
Right, Jamie's going to put you in
touch with Paul. Paul vets all the
stuff that we put into the attack.
Technically, you shouldn't be doing
this from in here, but the
mainframe's not here, right?
So, technically, you're not! Sorry,
stuff about Emma? About Emma, yeah.
Oh. Hey, Ollie.
I know that you're dead brainy,
but look, I've got brains
coming out of my fucking arse.
What I need
is political intelligence.
I just feel awkward,
you know, about...
Oh, it's make your mind up time,
Ollie!
What do you want to be? Come on!
Do you want to be a prick that works
here for a year then goes away
to join a think tank to write,
"On one hand, this,
but on the other hand, that,"
or do you want to be a soldier?
Have you got your eyes on the prize?
I've got my eyes on the prize. Good.
Yeah, but what is the prize?
I dunno. Ask the brain guys,
but I'll settle
for just keeping us in government
instead of the wankers
you're shagging!
This roll in the hay, have you got
something there that'll keep us
working for a morning,
or is this an ongoing scenario?
I think I've got one pretty
satisfied customer there, you know?
Do you know about what's kicking off
in Defence? Geoff Holhurst
and his son, Christian - Iltech.
Yeah. 80, 90% of it, I would say.
Shall I drag Holhurst in,
see if there's anything else mouldy
in the cupboard? Yeah.
Ollie, see anything
in Defence, son,
anything that just gives us another
angle... I mean, just ask her.
Just look around her house,
find something.
OK. See you, have a good day.
Yes. See you, Malcolm.
You can have this desk, it's free.
Don't worry,
she won't be coming back.
Just give me a shout
if you need anything, OK?
Yep. Listen, don't touch the
keyboard. Bob'll go fucking nuts.
Just use your laptop
if you've got one, aye?
So, I've been given
a desk in Number 10...
to ring my girlfriend?
Yeah, that's about the size of it.
Shagging your way to the top,
then, is it?
Yes, well I'm not Scottish, so I've
got to get here somehow, haven't I?
I've confirmed that there'll be
a regional news team
filming our arrival,
plus four local papers.
Regional news? No nationals?
This is very much a regional event.
I didn't think that... Look, Robyn.
All events are regional.
Everything that happens in the world
has to happen somewhere, do you see?
Even JFK's assassination
was a regional event,
but it was also very important, hmm?
We... Like this factory visit. Yes.
Do you see that?
No national papers?
No national...
Right.
Not one national paper?
No? No.
How is that possible?
How long are we supposed
to hang around here?
I promised. 20 minutes.
We're scheduled for two hours.
Yeah...
Who's going to do the...thing?
What thing?
We do a thing with Terri where
I give her a signal...you know?
And she makes up some sort of excuse
about having to go...
A change of arrangements... Yeah.
..then we've got to go.
Yeah, cabinet emergencies.
You know about that, do you?
Yep, yep.
Absolutely.
I do!
Hi. Hi, Emma.
I just wanted to know... Can I
just borrow your seat here?
Thanks, Jamie.
I really like you, and...
HE PRETENDS TO VOMIT ↑
..and if something feels right,
you know... Hi, Geoff.
Here he is. Here's the man himself.
How are you?
What, they've been after you for
stuff about me? Your fucking whips?
Have these people... I think...
No decency.
Speaking of which, have you heard any
of this MoD stuff that's going about?
How much fucking shit
is there on the menu,
and what fucking flavour is it?!
Malcolm? No, no. I'm in a Scottish
restaurant and some man's complaining
cos they've under-fried his Mars bar.
Of course it's Malcolm.
Well, Malcolm's always animated.
That's him every day.
It's like this furnace of shit.
It's not good for my system. His firm
put in the second lowest tender.
Do you fancy meeting up?
Maybe tomorrow night?
You're worse than dead meat.
You're too toxic
to even feed to the vultures.
I asked you out last night because I
really...like you, and...
Yeah. OK, bye.
If I've got to go, I've got to go.
Well, here we are, Hugh.
Christ.
There we go.
Hello. Thank you very much.
Nice to meet you.
Are these employees?
May I say hello?
Hello. Hugh Abbot.
Nice to meet you.
Hello. Lovely to meet you.
Do you know what it's like to clean
up your own mother's piss?
I'm sorry. Do you? I mean,
she was in that home for 16 weeks.
Do you know what it's like to clean
up your own mother's piss?
That's very tough, isn't it?
That's very, very tough,
and our hearts - all our hearts -
go out to you.
But do you know what it's like
to get down and clean up
your own mother's piss?
I think that I'm probably not the
right person to talk to about this.
Who do I talk to?
Urinary and affairs like that
are probably more...help.
So, if anyway... Lovely to talk
to you. What fantastic landscaping.
I really do think it makes an
enormous difference to the workplace
when you have this relationship...
But is that your answer?
Is that your answer?
We'll get someone to note your
case, and do what we can about it.
You'll get someone to note my case?
Nobody's noted my case so far.
Stop it! Don't touch me!
What are you touching me for?!
You don't know me! You don't even
want to know me, do you?
I do... I would like
to get to know you,
but I just... Why are you walking
away from me?! Would you like to know
the facts?
The minister would love to know.
There are two qualified nurses.
Out of all those care assistants,
only two of 'em. Just smile.
What you smiling at? What you
grinning at? Do you think it's funny?
Do you think I'm funny?!
Do you think
my mother's piss is funny?!
Well, it's not funny!
She's not laughing!
She's pissing herself.
I'm not laughing. I'm crying.
Glenn, is she still saying it?
Oh, God, yes. ..Would you please
give me a moment.
Yes, she's banging on
about it even now.
The trouble is they reckon they've
got some great shots. Great shots?
The thing is, don't panic.
Is it what you do, though,
because it's disgusting!
You cannot treat people like this.
Can you please shut up for one
fucking minute?!
I'm asking nicely. Please.
Now, Hugh.
I'm going to have to hang up.
Did you enjoy that?
I apologise.
I am giving you a number.
Your dad told us that he didn't know
you worked for the company.
You never told him.
Ollie Reeder.
< What we're finding difficult
to work out...
Erm... Sorry, who is this?
Well, obviously he knew, but...
No, I've never cleaned up
my own mother's piss.
Erm, sorry. Who are you?
Well, you do talk to your dad.
Yeah. Well, how did you get...
No, you fucking don't!
Stop going on about...
That is the wrong answer!
The wrong fucking answer!
Don't be aggressive.
I will call you back.
You tell your corporate affairs
people,
otherwise I'll come along there
and fucking maim every single
fucking one of them, OK?
Good to see you. Yeah... All right?
Well done, Christian.
He's one of these
fucking Popsbridge types.
Won't play dumb.
I think he can dumb up for us.
Malcolm. What?
It's Hugh... What is it?!
I dunno. A woman hit him
with a question.
It's got a bit aggressive, and it's
gonna look bad on the news. NOMFuP.
Wait, wait. Dig some stuff
up on the woman, OK? OK.
I'm on my way over to ITN right now.
I'm going to sweet-talk Pam Morris,
but I could easily just pop in and
talk to... I could fucking kick the
shit out of Mark Davies. Yeah.
That's what I'll do.
That's a good idea.
I could actually do that. It'd
be therapeutic, a bit of shouting.
A bit of fucking yin and yang.
OK. Quite spiritual. Yeah.
Get somebody in there, all right?
See you later.
Mate, how's it going with the
missus?
What have you got for me on the
opposition angle? Erm... Which one?
What the fuck do you think?
Fucking Tweenies tour-dates(!)
The MoD IT overspend.
Well, erm, I'm tickling a few trout,
you know?
You're tickling trout?
Mmm-hmm. You know, tickling...
Just seeing if I can...
What does that mean?
We're going to go for a drink
tomorrow night. That's no good,
the vote's tonight!
Call her now and rearrange. What if
she's busy? Whoa-whoa! NOMFuP.
Just tickle the old trout
and make it happen.
Hi, Emma. I've messed up.
Tomorrow night,
I'm actually not free.
I've got a squash game
with Dan Miller.
Er... No, obviously, you're more
important than a squash game.
Could we rearrange
tomorrow for tonight?
Film, fine.
I have seen the original Solaris. I'd
love to see it again. It's a classic.
It is a classic.
All right. I'll see you later...babe.
All right. Yep. Bye.
Thanks, funny bunny.
Right, I've got a job for you.
This is brilliant.
I love these pipes. Er, Hugh.
Excuse me for just a second. Sorry.
Ollie. I've got him for you.
Thank you. Can he stop it?
I managed to persuade him
to go over and have a word at ITN.
Well done, Ollie,
my man on the inside!
How does he do that? It's so spooky.
He's like voodoo.
He's like a bad Gandalf.
There's something else big that might
be breaking. What's breaking?
Geoff Holhurst is up to his neck in
shit over his son's IT firm
getting the tender for a system
that's gone two billion over.
They're bricking themselves that
it'll leak. Bad day for Geoff, eh?
Very bad day for Geoff.
I'm bumped off the news.
Right. And this at least means...
Glenn, Glenn.
Geoff's up to his tits.
..this is essentially good news
for me, right?
You would certainly have thought
so, yeah.
Glenn, talk to Ollie.
Congratulate him.
Oh, right. ..What a great place this
is. I love this bloody factory.
Hiya, Glenn. Before you go on,
can I just say thanks very much for
the piss woman?
She was brilliant, she was.
Yeah, more of those.
Don't tell me any more because I
won't be able to take it in,
but I will pass on
what you said to the PM,
cos he absolutely loves detail.
Right, so, Robyn...
Erm, Secretary of State,
I'm sorry, but there's been
a change of plans
and we're actually going to have
to go in the next few minutes.
I'm terribly sorry.
No! We're definitely going to have
to go.
Oh, no. That's very disappointing.
It's...the cabinet. We...
I'm so sorry.
Why do we have to go? Erm...
Important, is it?
Yeah? It is quite important.
That's a shame.
I was hoping we could stay and have
lunch. Of course.
I was looking forward to that.
Well, we can... No, we can.
We can stay for lunch,
if you'd like to. What? I just...
I thought you were doing the thing.
We can stay.
We can definitely stay for lunch.
I thought you said it was important.
No, no, no.
No. It's really fine, honestly.
I can make any phone calls that we
need to from here.
Great, OK.
Great. We've only been here 20
minutes,
so it would be a shame to go now.
Mark? Hi. Mark Davies?
We've spoken on the phone.
Do you mind if I pop in?
I was in seeing Pam
and everyone's been talking about
the Hugh thing. Yes.
'Do you know what it's like
to clean up your own mother's piss?'
Jesus! Look at his face!
Do you see what I have to work with?
I know.
He doesn't look great, does he?
'Who DO I talk to?'
Are you going to use that? Malcolm.
Sorry. Don't touch that.
This isn't the package, is it? Mark?
'That's just blah, blah, blah...'
You can't use that.
This is dumbing down of the news
that people like me and
your boss's boss really object to,
and I'm going to mention this to him
when I see him on Friday,
by the way.
Malcolm, this is a traditional,
old-fashioned news story,
called "Minister looks a tit."
Hey, everybody looks a tit,
you know?
Take two of these shots of him
looking moronic out.
Leave a couple in of him looking a
little bit dim.
Put one of him composed,
drop it down the running order,
and we've got a deal.
I'm not... "Deal," what do you mean?
He looks a tit, that's it. I'm sorry.
But there is a difference between
allowing someone's natural
tittishness to come through,
and just exploiting it through
camerawork here.
You're sticking one tit moment
on top of another.
That wouldn't happen in real life.
And do you know about that woman?
Have you made ANY enquiries
into her background?
I'm sure my researchers have, yes.
Your researchers have?
Well, I don't think they have.
Excuse me a second.
Malcolm.
Have you got anything on the woman?
I've got Frankie up there now
rooting through the bins. Hang on.
..Have you got anything?
Nothing. Bloody chips, bin stuff.
'Nothing, Malcolm.'
Bin stuff.
BNP, Mark.
She's standing for the British
National Party. Stamford Bridge.
For fuck's sake!
Very straightforward. Basic stuff,
Mark. Do your research.
Standing
for the British National Party.
All right. What do you want, Mark?
Two little bits of tit. Two titties.
PHONE RINGS
Jesus. Christ!
Will it hit the One?
No, I know what time it is.
I can SEE what time it is!
Hold on it.
Make sure they don't get it.
The story is not the story.
Sunita has spilled the overspend.
Nobody's got the corruption angle.
The BBC might not even run with it.
Try to fuck up the numbers, right?
Hit the phones.
Everyone on the phones.
We'll over-complicate.
Stats, percentages, international
comparisons, information.
E-mail them
fucking words of information.
And tell them they'd better get
their heads around it before they
put pen to paper,
or I'll be up their arses
like a fucking Biafran ferret!
Come on! Unleash hell!
So, I give her the sign
and we end up staying for lunch.
How does that happen?
Tell me about it. I don't know.
One less rubber chicken in the wild.
I'll get you out of here soon.
What's the wait now? You don't know?
No.
As soon as she did the lunch thing,
she went and gave the driver
an hour and 20 minutes off.
Fucking hell!
I know, he's gone AWOL.
Oh, for fuck's sake. Where is she
now? Is she looking for him?
Yep. Looking for him.
Where's he gone? Fuck! Ron!
Somebody start bumping up
that Hugh Abbot story, right?
Get it bumped up to number one.
Let him take the heat, yeah?
Come on. Let's go!
Eh, eh? Do you think you're fucking
immune? Get plugging!
Can you handle that, fuckwit?
Can you fucking handle it?
Yes, I can handle it.
MOBILE RINGS
Don't even think about it!
Emma, not right now.
Your fucking girlfriend!
Are you off your head?! You said...
Don't give me any fucking static,
just ring her back now. Meet
her for coffee as soon as. What?
Sometimes, when you meet the real...
The actual people...
Don't you ever, I mean,
just look at the little, beady eyes
and mean mouths sort of sneering,
and... I mean, I know this is what
they think people like me think,
so I hate thinking it,
but I just find myself thinking,
"They're from
a different fucking species."
You know, T-shirts,
and weird trousers, and...
Why do they wear clothes with
writing on them,
and why are they so fucking fat?
And stupid.
God, I hate this place.
Ollie, it's Glenn.
I've got Hugh for you.
Right, Ollie.
Yeah, hi. So, is Malcolm
doing his witchcraft?
Has he sent his flying monkeys in?
Bernadette. Where's
the fucking fax from the Standard?
Not exactly, Hugh.
Wait. This other story, he's not
going to stitch me up, is he?
Everything is...incredibly busy
in here right now.
I just need you to keep me out of
the firing line, Ollie.
It's slightly difficult,
cos I'm only one pawn in this, and
a pawn can't take a queen, can it?
Yes, it can.
Technically, yes, of course it can,
but, you know...
A queen is a lot bigger than a pawn,
isn't it?
I know, but if you get a pawn
over to the other side
of the board, Ollie,
it can become a queen, or a bishop,
or a senior advisor.
You hear what I'm saying?
Yes, yes. I understand.
I really need you to keep me out
of the firing line.
Get the heat off me.
Please, please, please help me.
I'm on it, Hugh.
That's not it! That's not
the line we came up with.
Your son knew
it was a difficult position,
but he didn't want
to lose the money. He didn't lie!
You can just write
your resignation letter.
If you ask the people to believe...
OK.
What were you doing?
I was having a fag.
Ollie. We need you
to fuck Hugh for us.
OK?
OK. I need you to go over
to Mark Davies at ITN, right.
They're 50/50 on bumping Hugh
up to the top of the bill
with the piss woman, right?
Can you sort that out for me?
Good lad. See you later.
Oh, nice. Very nice.
Go, for fuck's sake,
you big fucking prick!
I'll cut your fucking ears off!
We need it done.
When I met you this morning,
I thought you were the nice Scot.
HUGH ON NEWS: '..In tragic cases...
She's not dead! She's not dead!'
Um... I'm from Number 10...
Downing Street... Oh, yeah? Yeah.
..and we want you
to take this MoD story
that you're planning on running first
right down in your schedules and
bring the Hugh Abbot story right up.
Er... Are you one
of Malcolm's bum-boys? Yeah.
Er, well, we work together.
Look, it's ROMFuP, OK.
This story, this Hugh Abbot...
What the fuck is ROMFuP?
It's... It's a Number 10 word.
We need you to take this down.
Or what?
Well, or the public service, erm...
news values of your corporation
are seriously skewed,
and the public service aspect
of that will be very badly served.
What can we get you?
How can... What can we...?
Your man, looking like a prat,
and his advisor, pretty much telling
a member of the public to fuck off.
Right. Although,
if that's going to run,
I need a picture of the advisor.
OLLIE'S PHONE RINGS
Just bear with me. ..For fuck's sake!
Oliver Reeder.
Have you sorted it, Ollie? It's not
quite sorted just yet, Malcolm.
Should I send Jamie over?
Would you like that? No, no.
You and Jamie and a rubber truncheon
locked in that fucking newsroom.
No, I'm fine.
Make me happy. Bring me sunshine.
Right. I'll make you happy, Malcolm.
(Dickwad.)
OLLIE'S PHONE RINGS
Oliver Reeder.
'All right, shitebag. Done it yet?'
I'm just in the middle of doing it.
Well fucking hurry up!
Get off the fucking phone!
Fuck's sake!
PHONE RINGS
I'm fucking doing it.
Just...
Sorry, Emma. Yeah, hi.
I'm stuck in a meeting
about equal pay.
It's gone over. But, hey.
Tonight, are we still on? Yeah.
Yeah, Solaris, here we come. Bye.
Right. I demand...
Fuck off. Give me the picture,
it's already been done.
We've had words upstairs.
That's him on the left.
Can you get that off the phone?
Perfect. We can do that, can't we?
Have you, though?
What? Ever cleaned up your own
mother's piss?
No, I never knew my mother,
Hugh, as you remember.
Have you ever cleaned up
your stepmother's piss?
No. I never cleaned her piss.
It wasn't that kind of relationship.
No, nor me.
I've done Alicia's piss,
and Charlie's piss.
Loads of it.
It's only piss.
Yeah, thanks.
Yeah. She was going on
as if it was some sort
of toxic waste or something.
What's a bit of piss?
I could stay... No. Just go home.
Where do you think we'll come
in the running order?
All right, folks, here we go.
'Tonight, dramatic pictures...'
ALL CHEER AND APPLAUD
Anything other than number one
is a big win.
'..spin doctor thought our tape
had stopped running.'
'Can you please shut up
for one BLEEP minute?!"
Oh! Oh! He is SO fucked!
Hey. Great photo.
Yeah, well, you know.
It's a good phone.
'What fantastic landscaping.'
Who do you think looked worse,
you or me?
Well, I looked bad,
but you said bad.
I suppose, on balance, honestly...
you, really.
Great.
PHONE RINGS
Go away.
I don't know
if I'll survive this, Hugh.
They'll be all over me
like shingles.
PHONE RINGS
Oh, they ARE all over me
like shingles.
It'll be OK.
Do you think?
Yeah, you'll probably be fine.
So, we had the whole front
of the train...
OLLIE'S PHONE RINGS
You not going to get that, Ollie?
No, I've been on that all day.
Microwaves. Got a tumour coming on.
Think I've got a touch
of the brain tumours as well.
Not much
of a fucking soldier, is he?
He's a lover, not a fighter.
VOICEMAIL BEEPS
'Ollie, hi. It's Hugh. I just
wanted to say thank you very much.
'The way you shifted the spotlight
onto Glenn was quite Tucker-esque.
'Really very Mal-chiavellian,
know what I mean?
'Well done and bye-bye.'
WOMAN FROM FACTORY: 'Hello, Ollie.
Just seen myself on the news, OK?
'Let's get something done now,
'and I'll be phoning you every day
'until we do sort out my mother...
'and her problem. Thank you.'